#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile 'requirements\dev.in'
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.5.4
    # via flask-db
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via virtualenv
apscheduler==3.7.0
    # via flask-monitoring
argparse==1.4.0
    # via pytoolbox
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   plantuml2freemind
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-babel
    #   sphinx
blinker==1.4
    # via flask-whooshalchemy3
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   pipenv
    #   requests
cfgv==3.2.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements\dev.in
    #   requests
cleo==0.8.1
    # via plantuml2freemind
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-monitoring
    #   manual-sitemap
    #   pip-tools
clikit==0.6.2
    # via cleo
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
colorhash==1.0.3
    # via flask-monitoring
configparser==5.0.1
    # via flask-monitoring
crashtest==0.3.1
    # via clikit
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.16
    # via sphinx
dominate==2.6.0
    # via flask-bs4
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
flask-admin==1.5.7
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-bs4==4.5.3.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-caching==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-db==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-filealchemy==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-fixtures==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
flask-healthz==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-moment==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-monitoring==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-pluginkit==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-redisboard==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-resources==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-responsebuilder==2.0.13
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements\dev.in
    #   flask-db
    #   flask-filealchemy
    #   flask-fixtures
    #   flask-whooshalchemy3
    #   pytest-flask-sqlalchemy
flask-unittest==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
flask-whooshalchemy3==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via flask-bs4
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\dev.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-bs4
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-db
    #   flask-filealchemy
    #   flask-fixtures
    #   flask-healthz
    #   flask-moment
    #   flask-monitoring
    #   flask-pluginkit
    #   flask-redisboard
    #   flask-resources
    #   flask-responsebuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-unittest
    #   flask-whooshalchemy3
    #   flask-wtf
    #   pytest-flask
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via plantuml
identify==1.5.13
    # via pre-commit
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==1.3.0
    # via plantuml-creator
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jaraco.context==4.0.0
    # via pytest-enabler
jaraco.functools==3.2.1
    # via pytest-enabler
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   sphinx
json2html==1.3.0
    # via flask-responsebuilder
mako==1.1.4
    # via alembic
manual-sitemap==19.6.0
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
markdown==3.3.3
    # via plantuml-markdown
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.10.0
    # via flask-resources
mirakuru==2.3.0
    # via pytest-postgresql
more-itertools==8.0.2
    # via
    #   jaraco.functools
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-enabler
    #   zipp
nodeenv==1.5.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.20.1
    # via flask-monitoring
packaging==20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\build.in
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sphinx
pallets-sphinx-themes==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
pastel==0.2.1
    # via clikit
pbr==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\build.in
    #   flask-whooshalchemy3
    #   sphinxcontrib-gravizo
pip-licenses==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements\build.in
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements\build.in
pipenv==2020.11.15
    # via -r requirements\build.in
plantuml-creator==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
plantuml-gentools==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
plantuml-markdown==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
plantuml-wrapper==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
plantuml2freemind==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
plantuml==0.3.0
    # via plantuml-markdown
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   pytest
port-for==0.4
    # via pytest-postgresql
pre-commit==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements\build.in
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   flask-monitoring
    #   mirakuru
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements\dev.in
ptable==0.9.2
    # via pip-licenses
py2puml==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
py==1.8.1
    # via
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   pytest
pyaml==20.4.0
    # via pytoolbox
pygments==2.8.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pylev==1.3.0
    # via clikit
pyparsing==2.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements\build.in
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
    #   plantuml-creator
pytest-enabler==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
pytest-flask-sqlalchemy==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
pytest-flask==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
pytest-mock==3.5.1
    # via pytest-flask-sqlalchemy
pytest-postgresql==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
pytest-runner==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
pytest-venv==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
pytest==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\tests.in
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-flask-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-postgresql
    #   pytest-venv
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via alembic
python-dotenv==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements\tests.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-frontmatter==0.5.0
    # via flask-filealchemy
python-magic==0.4.22
    # via pytoolbox
pytoml==0.1.21
    # via -r requirements\build.in
pytoolbox==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements\build.in
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements\dev.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-monitoring
    #   pytoolbox
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   flask-responsebuilder
    #   plantuml2freemind
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyaml
    #   python-frontmatter
redis==3.5.3
    # via flask-redisboard
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   pytoolbox
    #   sphinx
ruamel-yaml==0.16.12
    # via flask-filealchemy
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.2
    # via ruamel-yaml
semver==2.13.0
    # via flask-pluginkit
six==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\build.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-fixtures
    #   packaging
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-frontmatter
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   virtualenv
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\docs.in
    #   flask-resources
sphinx-issues==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
sphinx-tabs==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
sphinx==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\docs.in
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinx-issues
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet
    #   sphinxcontrib-plantuml
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-gravizo==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
sphinxcontrib-plantuml==0.19
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.8
    # via flask-db
sqlalchemy==1.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements\dev.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-db
    #   flask-monitoring
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-whooshalchemy3
    #   pytest-flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
str2bool==1.1
    # via plantuml-creator
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via plantuml-creator
tokenize-rt==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements\docs.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest-enabler
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via plantuml2freemind
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   flask-monitoring
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via requests
venv-run==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements\build.in
virtualenv-clone==0.5.4
    # via pipenv
virtualenv==20.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\build.in
    #   pipenv
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest-venv
visitor==0.1.3
    # via flask-bs4
wcwidth==0.1.8
    # via
    #   plantuml-creator
    #   pytest
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   pytest-flask
wheel==0.36.2
    # via -r requirements\build.in
whoosh==2.7.4
    # via flask-whooshalchemy3
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-bs4
    #   flask-wtf
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via flask-responsebuilder
zipp==0.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   plantuml-creator

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
